Halli hello good morning is the good one
I had a high energy load
made today because it is often called
vegan would be too expensive
I'll give you exactly 50 euros
and try what I can get for it
We often buy purple at times
sometimes even in namely biomarkets though
Often it is just the lidl which this
so far children can choose individually and
I wanted to show something for 50 euros
got everything and there you can
yourself judge whether vegan really like that
is expensive we catch something
I'll never get it green stuff first
4-pack romana salad then four
packs of german rucola one
cauliflower two kilo of potatoes
a pack of organic apples a pack of red
grapes strawberries four avocado
doubles cherry tomatoes organic
brush tomatoes twice too should then
leuchzwiebeln then here a vegetable
So paprika mix like tomatoes and paprika
then I bought some bananas
organic lemons sweet potatoes there still
radish pointed paprika 2 pack then
three zucchini three times sharp mustard
once sweet mustard
but such a wholegrain sandwich protoss
then five break in a video emperor
vegetables frozen summer vegetables newcomer
peas and peas spinach again
the whole is now 50 euros more accurate
cost + 12 cents
and yes I would say that one can
a whole house will come if you have that
Now again substituted with a few
legumes that we mostly get from
Buy alnatura and rice but mostly
to buy from antiquities you come with it
very good and I can not say it
how many days you expect that
it different but that is a very different one
relative
high quality food that you can
partially hessen partially cooked with it
You can be really healthy
nourish and nobody claims that
who likes who dear
Of course, you can only use substitute products
buy and you can only buy organic
which of course is recommended because that
higher quality then it would
like it here probably 120 euro or
but that's what people cost the most
complain about being vegan too
expensive is the buy also at
lilith and baldi and yes I wanted you
let's show you can also in the whole
normal supermarket to eat healthy
and try to stay healthy and also
to grow old and have a good life
to have
I wish you much fun with everything
she does and quite a lot to this day
exciting topic also for me vegan
if you are always in the mood for everything
how you do it only is that possible
not that is all too expensive and
My experience is that you actually
Spending a lot less money when you look at yourself
really vegan nourished as how to
still buys meat and dairy products and
such things
Today I was a challenge
the new German is so called and take
I'm exactly five euros to go shopping
and try enough for that
carbohydrates